what about next wedding we go as best
men in bridesmaid - what would got this
baby gonna be Schmeling oh that's to get
real rowdy up and we'll find a couple to
marry our doesn't want to live in
America there's so many couples I think
even an invader war fits me in math
they're in it dare to the end
Thomas will you be just as bright maybe
so quite a good people obviously no but
if there's any place on this money
oh sorry what were you saying sellers it
always happen I'm still very appreciated
I might say this is good well Thursday
is another kotas gonna walk up just it
rubbed me great
Oh if there's any place on earth where
this would work its biggest like you
know others didn't or India
so I think if you go to the chaplain
find somebody that's already like
planning on getting married just say
hold off for a second we're like put
something amazing Tory together okay I
think we can find someone that we can
just like convince convince I need to
get marry a premier right now I love the
buzz what are we doing today getting a
couple of everything so we're going to
go find a couple for this way and it
seemed that they take very seriously
here like we thought wedding love they
use a condom joke but people take it
very seriously as you can see from the
reviews on Google pressured very very
okay politely be like we can create the
best wedding excuse ever we're at the
first Chapel and I'm starting to figure
out that this will be a lot harder than
we thought and it's seriously like
convincing a couple that's like very
intimate and just getting married to
hang out with eight random dudes yeah
like how do you convince them that
you're normal it would be easier if we
find a couple that's like younger just
like partying and yeah and maybe let's
find that
[Music]
open all right keep walking down I guess
hopefully the more we walk down others
go otherwise we're going to have to go
convince the couple to get married just
straight up yeah we want to get married
hey Jake how are you today we're working
on a project where you're climbing a
couple and what we're looking for is a
limo put them there any way we can do it
like a stretch limo for 30 minutes no
worries read it out okay I will I'll
take that now okay go ahead corners are
out on Monday she's looking into it
she's very interested
are these the couple is getting very
little up they'd be the best friend's a
Hedley or bridesmaids oh that's maple
pudding screams it great so mrs. Rene
giblets
normally we don't allow like outside
viewing okay yeah but again up to the
couple booked so on their phone numbers
right here in Laguna :
we got the contact for a couple that is
getting most of it and contact them to
see if there she's there down okay good
all right you're going to move on on to
the Magnum
yeah on the example today's adventure is
I'm a sophomore getting a that so most
badass might have some books get a limo
for there tonight percentage would be
Delta that I'm gift card write down your
name little Whitechapel optimist popular
chapel in Las Vegas and we are
attempting to get to strangers that we
don't know married and be in discernment
math and I are best man Thomas and Aaron
our bridesmaid too will soon enough food
rested on well the reason we're doing it
is because a lot of these couples just
come by themselves they can't afford to
have their families come out here so we
want to show up and be the family for
them good vibes that they remember the
state forever these things we just have
no idea what couple pics book you guys
getting married Manjit
[Music]
they just got married maria maria' by
risking their necks put on addresses and
people will know good people will laugh
so hard to get to your destination for
sure what we're supposed to do people
know they're scared but let me just tell
you one upstairs groupie Concha - look
up there we've gone to come to know that
they're amazing there was to find a
couple avoid either getting married
renewing their vows and be a part of
this family and say I'd like to take you
out tonight do something fun - party bus
Linda previous or we go to dinner at
5:30 and then that you're still seven
probably and then to go to a show
why don't we give you the right to the
show yeah we have two dresses for this
guy
[Applause]
[Music]
listen Colonel suit pants with it so
good
[Music]
[Applause]
love a cater to like out all good to me
[Music]
[Applause]
right awoken on me up
ah
I hope
[Music]
Oh
no idea if this would work and good
intentions there was so happy that we
went into so just you guys
[Music]
[Applause]